Add new Accordion section to upgrade guide (#4199)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: templates/docs/upgrade-guide-v3.md

The `.p-article-pagination__link` was removed, as only its variants (`.p-article-pagination__link--next` and `.p-article-pagination__link--previous`) were meant to be used.

## Accordion

> We deprecated the previous accordion tab pattern, including the classes `p-accordion__title` and `p-accordion__tab--with-title`, in favour of a more accessible accordion pattern. If headings are used in accordion the HTML structure needs to be updated. See accordion [docs](/docs/patterns/accordion) for details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We updated the HTML structure of the accordion component and removed the classes `p-accordion__title` and `p-accordion__tab--with-title` used for accordion headings, in favour of a more accessible accordion structure. If headings are used in accordion the HTML structure needs to be updated. See [accordion docs](/docs/patterns/accordion) for details.
```
